---
date: 2020-02-23
title: "S.M.A.R.T."
cover: "/images/empty-red.png"
categories:
    - Management
tags:
    - management
---

## About this technique

Defining a task or subtask is not easy at all, because working on a never ending story or a way to hard task can be really demotivating. The acronym "SMART" describes the properties of a good target definition: Specific, Measureable, Achievable, Relevant, Time-bound is the most common resolution of the acronym.

#### S like "Specific" and M like "Measureable"

There is broad agreement that goals must be clear and measurable. This means that they meet the necessary conditions of quality criteria or acceptance criteria. Mere naming expectations or. Requirements are not sufficient to e.g. to be able to check the success of a project.

#### A like "Assignable", "Achievable", "Attainable" or "Ambitious"

The "assignable" used in the original expresses that a goal should be formulated in such a way that a work instruction can easily be derived from it for a specific person (or organizational unit). This is undoubtedly an important property for goals, but it arises as a logical consequence of the other properties: A clearly described, realistic and measurable goal can always be given to someone.

#### R like "Realistic", "Relevant", "Resourced" or "Reasonable"

That a goal is "realistic", i.e. should be reachable is undisputed and should therefore also be included in the SMART formula. However, the reinterpretation of "assignable" to the "achievable" that is mostly used allows other criteria to be assigned to the "R". This is most often the "relevant" property. This expresses that it does not make sense to declare goals or trivialities as the goal.

#### T like "Time-related", "Time-bound" or "Time-based"

The "T" is used uniformly for a time-related criterion. However, since the English word "terminate" does not mean "end with an appointment", but rather "end", a combination of words must be used to express that the formulation of a goal also requires the point in time at which it should be reached.
